Plasma Stage 1 Review (#28)
ChainShot/Content: projects/Plasma MVP/JavaScript/Constructor Plasma/details.md

Dealing with an operator in the early stages of Plasma development helps to keep the construction simple and easy to test. The idea is that if this can be accomplished with a single `operator` it can also be accomplished with a group of validators.

## Plasma Blocks 

In this Plasma implementation we have two separate block numbers that will be stored in our contract: `currentPlasmaBlock` and `currentDepositBlock`. 

Deposits are first submitted to the Plasma contract and then updated on the Plasma chain. As a result, a deposit block is immediately created on the Plasma chain once it is updated. 

> On the other hand, Plasma transactions occur first on the Plasma chain, then are written to the `currentBlock`, and finally, once the `currentBlock` is submitted by the `operator`, the Plasma contract is updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the other hand, Plasma transactions first occur on the Plasma chain. These transactions are immediately written to the `currentBlock` on the Plasma chain. Once the `operator` submits the `currentBlock` from the Plasma chain to the Plasma contract, both are in sync with one another. ```

Author: Bit hard to tell, but should the three backticks be there at the end of this change?

Reviewer: fixed. Was part of the suggestion annotation

Author: Awesome

## Block Buffer

> As you can see, we need a buffer between deposits and Plasma chain transaction blocks in order to keep the Plasma contract and Plasma chain in sync. If there wasn't a buffer, its quite possible that a submitted block could have the same block number as a deposit block. 

Author: Also think we should probably clean this up a bit. I'm not sure my understanding is perfect at the moment, so I haven't reworded it.

Reviewer: Added a revised version. Let me know if this clears it up.

> As you can see, we need a buffer between deposits and Plasma chain transaction blocks in order to keep the Plasma contract and Plasma chain in sync. If there wasn't a buffer, its quite possible that a submitted block could have the same block number as a deposit block. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `BLOCK_BUFFER` serves as a tool to keep the Plasma contract and Plasma chain in sync. As described above, we have to keep track of deposit blocks, which begin on the Plasma contract, and Plasma transaction blocks, which begin on the Plasma chain. Therefore, we start our deposit block at 1 and our Plasma transaction block at 1000 (our `BLOCK_BUFFER`) and increment by 1 and 1000 respectively. In this way, we can create up to 999 deposits before interfering with the transactions occurring on the Plasma chain. 

You will be exposed concept multiple times throughout the tutorial which should help to solidify the idea behind the framework.
```
